Update documentation for fuzz testing (#1790)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/Fuzzing.md

file (```random_seed.txt``` as an example) and then set the environment variable
```RANDOM_SEED``` to the path of the file containing the random seed. The tests
will then use the provided seed instead of generating a new one, which results
in the tests repeating the sequence of steps that resulted in the crash.

## Reproducing a failure from artifacts
When a crash happens, a folder containing the unique crash will be created. Click on *Summary* in the build section. The following example shows the process of debugging for *verifier_fuzzer* which can then be used for other CI/CD steps as well. 

> Download *Artifacts-verifier_fuzzer-x64-Release*, build folders including debug and/or release directories e.g. *Build-x64-fuzzer Debug*, and/or *Build-x64-fuzzer Release*. Please note that using debug version gives more extensive tools to debug the crash compared to the release version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the artifact and the associated build.  For example, if verifier_fuzzer "run_test (Release)" failed, download *Artifacts-verifier_fuzzer-x64-Release* and *Build-x64-fuzzer Release*. 
```
The artifact and the build need to match (debug vs release) as far as I know.

Copy the crash file from the artifact folder to a separate directory,  *verifier_fuzzer* files including *verifier_fuzzer.pdb*, *verifier_fuzzer.lib*, *verifier_fuzzer.exp*, and *verifier_fuzzer.exe* from debug directory. The C Runtime library, entitled, *ucrtbased.dll*, and address sanitizer files, marked by ASAN need to be included, *clang_rt.asan_dbg_dynamic-x86_64.dll* ,and *clang_rt.asan_dynamic-x86_64.dll*. 

Run a desired admin CMD locating to the copied files in the new directory, and enter with the following command:
```
windbgx -y SRV*;. -srcpath <your-path-to-ebpf-for-windows> verifier_fuzzer.exe <crash-file-name>
```

> A window containing the windbg debugger opens up and enter ```g``` in the command box of windbg. If an access violation indicating ```Access violation - code c0000005 (first chance)``` shows up, please use ```sxi c0000005``` to ignore this error. Please use ```g``` again to see the line that crashes. 

Reviewer: Another useful thing to try is to simply repro using the same input on the latest build.

Author: Right. Updated the doc.
